Magento 2139 fav list content is synced to (#8)
shopgate/ext-magento-favorites: CHANGELOG.md

- retrieval of favorite / wishlist products for guests and customers
- addition of favorite / wishlist products for guests and customers
- removal of favorite / wishlist products for guests and customers

> - synchronize local favorites to Magento after login / registration 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- synchronization of guest favorite / wishlist products with Magento after login / registration 
```
